today we're going to be looking at some
reloadable comments the most they are
called shooting star thereby world class
fireworks and I got them retail for 1099
and check out the side of the box here
you'll notice it says six different
liberal comments and it's got some
display pictures display pictures on
this side as well that match the other
side and is also as a performance listed
here so let's take a closer look on the
inside
it comes with a cardboard mortar and the
cardboard mortar is actually 11 inches
long and we're actually gonna be
shooting these comments out of a 12 inch
mortar today and I just wanna let you
guys know that so these six effects are
green comment red comet silver comet
rokade comment purple comet and
crackling comet so let's go outside
shoot a couple these off and see exactly
how good they are alright so up first is
the silver comment
oh wow that was cool that was really
cool next up is the Brocade Comet
holy hell that stump
you guys could probably hear it and that
thing just skyrocketed which was really
cool I like that one a lot and the last
comment is crackling that went really
high as well had an awesome crackle
effect and lasted quite a long time I
was really impressed with these comments
both the crackle and the Brocade comet
had an awesome hang time had an awesome
thump coming out of the mortar and had
some great color the video just really
did not do it justice I know awesome it
looked so I apologize for that but they
were pretty sweet the silver comet was
great also it had a very low hang time
though compared to the other two I would
say the Brocade was actually my favorite
I plan on getting these in the future I
think I'm going to try to incorporate a
couple of these into an upcoming show
you know try to do some cool effect one
thing I want to mention is any time
you're shooting anything out of mortars
make sure you clean them out before you
store them you'll notice here's some
plugs that were left in the bottom and
you just want to clean that out that way
next time you go to use them there's not
that debris in there causing problems so
just remember to clean that out alright
so the winner of last week's giveaway
was pyro user 55 I'll be sending you a
message so we can get your information
to send you that poster and since that
giveaway was so popular a lot of people
really liked it we're going to be doing
another giveaway this week this week we
got this hat here let's get the light we
got this hat says calm before the storm
it's a 25 shot motor rack all fused up
ready to rock it's got mesh backing in a
snapback so it's adjustable so if you'd
like to win this hat all you have to do
is leave a comment like the video before
next Tuesday and then next Tuesday after
the next week's video we will be
announcing the winner so have a good
week guys and hope you win